Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Beyond these walls, there is a sea, or so said Armin ...
But beyond the sea ...
I always wondered what it is ...
"Smoke signals"
Search only trying to steal some food, Sasha
And Levi convince the captain to make small slices easier to bite.
I will not do that! Probably...
What?
Hey! Guys, have you clean your shoes before entering?
Thing?
No, we did not. Do not you see how many things are we carrying?
Do you seriously believe that this attitude will please the captain Levi?
If I had not personally folded the sheets you this morning ...
Stop complaining! Who are you, my mother ?!
We're back.
Wait, you were chopping wood?
I have to stay in shape.
You were grabbed by a Giant! You should be in bed.
I try to stop her, but I did not listen.
I saw her do abdominal before!
How dare you, voyeur!
Eh ?! How would "peek" ?! -Mikasa, you know you're not an animal wild, right?
It seems almost like being back in the cadet corps.
And...
So why do you think that we have been chosen for the new team of Levi?
Protect Eren e Historia is an important mission ...
Because we are talented, I suppose.
Sasha ... What did you just put in the bag?
Nothing bread-related.
Because you!
I restituiscilo.
Hey, let's focus! We have to finish the cleaning before it returns the captain!
Put the bread in place.
What's all the fuss?
How many times have you already done?
The food reserves are precious!
Enough of this nonsense, girl of potatoes!
I'm pretty sure I've given you enough time.
Anyway...
We will discuss the poor job of cleaning it again.
They were.
Hange is looking forward to starting the experiments.
G-Right!
They were!
What's wrong, Eren ?! Get up!
The future of humanity is counting on you!
Get up, dammit!
Hey, four eyes.
This time it does not seem just like usual.
It is not even 10 meters high, and also lack of muscles in certain parts of the body.
Moreover, Eren has her ass in the air.
I realized it!
Eren! You can still move ?!
Give us a sign or something!
They were!
Mikasa!
Hey ... That brat is acting alone again.
It's time to think of a punishment?
No, not by any signal ... We're done here!
They were!
Hot! Damn, you're hot!
Hange, wait! Eren is bleeding!
Whoa! Have a look, Moblit!
The face of Eren! Hurry up and draw it!
Commander! It has a little 'pity ?!
Sorry, I got carried away ...
It seems that we still have a long way to go ...
... before you can use the hardening capacity of the Giant and seal the walls.
Yes ... I knew that we would cling to a faint hope from the beginning.
Strategically, it is not a bad plan.
Instead of dragging tons of food, everything we would need to convey Eren there.
On whether it is possible or not ... it all depends on Eren ..
The experiment is over! To all troops disperse immediately!
Roger!
Make sure there are no witnesses!
Yes, sir!
You will climb the same wagon Eren.
I am directed to Trost District with the Hange group.
All right.
You have to find it right away.
Only her ... She might even know the truth that we can perceive.
"District Of Trost"
I see ... Another failure, then.
If the plan worked, we could plug the hole in the Shiganshina district in less than a day.
Is it because we lack the necessary information.
It might be a different story if there was a book about curing capacity.
But we Christa. No, Historia Reiss ...
Perhaps we will learn the history of the walls through her?
I read the entire report concerning his education
It is the illegitimate daughter of Lord Reiss, and is not a happy story.
But the real mystery here is why ... a simple Regional gentleman would know the secrets of the wall.
They were!
You should still be in bed!
I'm fine. I've slept an entire day.
Also, it is my fault that the strategy to regain the Wall Maria was shelved.
It's not your fault.
So do not worry.
All that interests me ... is to have a chance to fight the giant beast.
Whatever it is that damn monkey, I'll never forgive you.
It can now change the lookout.
Mikasa?
Yup.
It must be nice.
You and the other ... you have in mind the objectives, although it will not be easy.
But I now that Ymir is gone ... I do not know what I want.
But you did not want to save Ymir?
If my ...
Then, I could not believe what I had done ... However, it is true that I wanted to save her.
But now, I think differently.
Ymir has chosen his path in life.
I do not have the right to cambiarlela ... and not have to.
Finally, you're talking again.
Eh?
When we came here, you told us everything about you, but ...
since then, you did not smile once, and rarely have spoken.
Because it hurts.
Sorry.
Christa, the girl who was kind to everyone, no longer exists.
Nah, I think it's better that way.
Eh?
Before, I felt like I was talking with a mask.
It was so forced and unnatural, it made me feel uncomfortable.
I see.
But now you're finally normal.
A girl stupidly honest, but normal.
However, we will have a lot time to think about Ymir.
In many ways, I ...
Wait ... it was not ...?
Hange and the others arrive!
Gather everyone in the main room!
Eh? What happened?
He died ... The Nick Shepherd.
He's been killed.
This morning, in the barracks of Trost.
Hey!
Contaminate the crime scene, cursed Scout!
Do not come.
This is our job, not yours.
It's another murder-robbery. They are popping up a lot lately.
Wha ...?! I do not buy this!
Her fingernails were ripped!
Which unit are you?
The commander of the Fourth Section and chief mate Zoë Hange Moblit Berner.
Your ranks mean nothing in a place like this.
Listen to me ... This man certainly was not killed by a giant.
One person killed another person.
This work is out of your jurisdiction.
Before internal team?
Because? Because the military police in the capital dropped to Trost?
What's wrong with that?
Unlike you useless gorilla, we soldiers are committed to work things out.
Oh! So that's it!
You're right, they are really unnecessary.
I'm so lucky to have met great soldiers like you.
Let me shake your hand!
I see ... So the poor Nick was robbed ...
What a pity...
Has she had things that were worth stealing?
Obviously.
Everyone knows that the Church pendants are made of precious metals.
Eh?!
Nick was a pastor of the Order of the walls ?!
What are you talking about?
It was my friend in personal terms ...
But, for all I knew, the man was only a manufacturer of chairs.
I even wrote a recommendation for him here ...
Damn it, stop ...
Anyway, I guess I did not know Nick as I thought ...
Hey! Let me go!
Oh sorry! Forgive me!
Well then, good luck with the investigation.
When will capture the culprit, please could you say you ...
"The things that you did, maybe you thought you were right."
"But personally, he could care less."
"To you rascals, I will make sure that you are tortured lives as my friend,"
"And you will experience the same suffering, if not much more."
Yes, you will regret it!
Pass them this message. Please.
Commander not really think they ...?
Yes ... First internal team, Djel Sannes.
The skin of the hand was all split.
Nick was tortured by military police inside ...
And then murdered ...
I imagined that the Church would have liked to deal with Nick since he was working with the Scouts.
And that's why I hid his identity and they did remain in the barracks, but ...
To think that they would use soldiers to kill him ...
I was too careless.
It's all my fault.
The military police tortured ... Pastor Nick just to find out what information he passed on to us?
Most likely.
But it was the internal military police, which means that there is something else behind.
So, how many nails they ripped?
Eh?
You see, right? How much it is?
I only caught a glimpse, but I seem to have lost all nails.
People who talk do it right away. If they do not, other tear it makes no difference.
Pastor Nick ... I thought he was an idiot, but ...
until the end, he has not turned his back on what he thought.
In other words, they have no idea that we sensed something about the Reiss family.
However, the activism of the government is not any good, and now have their eyes on us.
Captain Levi.
A message from Commander Erwin.
I went to talk to the pastor Nick, but he sent me away with this.
All out. Let's start now.
Do not leave traces of our presence.
We went close ...
If it had gone, what would happen?
But why? How did the commander Erwin to ...?
New orders from the government.
There was a freeze on all Scout activities outside the walls.
There are imposing to deliver Eren e Historia.
By the way, even after they handed me the message ...
... military police came for him ...
I treat it as a kind of criminal!
Someone is coming out of the shadows.
They're moving there for everyone.
All to protect the secrets of the walls ...
Also, because we want to deliver and Eren Historia?
Do not kill them, but for what?
Who knows?
However, it is clear that the enemy is behind these two.
Hanging out here is dangerous.
I will move to the Eren Trost District.
Because? It is the same place where Pastor Nick was killed.
Head towards the inside is worse.
With Trost panicked, it should be easier to sneak.
And if someone individuasse us, we can use these in the city.
Vero...
Also, do not know the enemy puts us in a difficult situation.
We must find out who is behind all this.
Hange, lend someone your team.
Obviously.
Okay, I'm going to try Erwin.
Moblit is with me. The rest of you will follow Levi.
Roger!
Procurement!
Garment...
I was reminded of a conversation between Ymir and Bertholdt.
I have not had time to tell you, but it is written all.
All right.
After going to give them a look.
ःiyah!
They moved pretty quickly.
Hmph ... It 'because the little bastard is quite organized.
An acquaintance of yours?
One longstanding.
"Current Information undisclosed" "Giants Body"
"The body of each Gigante varies significantly, but each has a weak point one meter long and 10 cm wide in the neck similar to a human dimension in the direct spinal cord to the brain. When this area is cut fades the regenerative capacity of Giant resulting destruction. it is thought that this vital organ, the source of their being, is nothing more than the remains of a human being. "
Try not to walk in groups. They would notice.
Eren e Historia, walk normally.
Why is the flag of the royal family hanging everywhere?
Oh! Today must be the anniversary of the coronation of the king.
Once a year, they distribute a handful of supplies.
Oh...
We will begin to distribute the supplies!
Fritz King heard about the difficulties of Trost District and will donate the reserves of the royal family!
There's enough for everyone! Align with order!
Thank God!
- Long live King Fritz! - Thank God!
That king! It is really generous!
It has a lot more than it actually needs.
People are weak, especially when it comes to food.
By distributing these rations, over 60% of the supplies went.
Do not you think it's a bit 'too much to raise the morale of the people, Lord Reiss?
It is necessary. There was a need to raise public approval to the royal family.
More importantly, we need the power and through.
And we have to hurry.
The military police has failed again?
When I return I will continue the hunt.
No, we will soon have what we need.
"He" was set in motion.
Beware! Behind us!
Weapons--
I mean, Christa and Eren!
They were kidnapped again!
really work?
It has absolutely looks like ...
That horse face? Yeah, for sure...
Yes? You like this? Let me hear you moan.
Well? Like this? Are not you excited?
I'm dying to hear your little voice.
This is why I did not want to spend all this shit again!
To hell do the stunt!
It is more muscular than I expected ...
How's it going in there?
If we do not hurry, we notice the disguise of Armin.
And I'm sorry for him ...
I see.
How's the leg? Better?
I can move pretty well. It's not that bad.
Most importantly, these kidnappers ... They are nothing but amateurs.
Why they should use types like these?
You can handle the rest alone. I'm going to Eren.
Once you've dealt with the junk, come and meet me.
Roger.
Another thing ... ln case of any eventuality.
Tell also to Armin and others.
Are you sure, no doubt, who are Christa and Eren?
Yes, they fit the description.
Eh? Where's the guard?
What--?!
Do not you dare move.
Conny! They are really only four ?!
Yes, it is!
No one else in the area!
If you move again, who knows where I strike?
All right! First we tie them here and then we meet with the captain.
What do you mean?
The captain's orders, and also sends a message.
Hey! Get out of the way!
Captain.
Then?
The road is busy, but nothing unusual.
We are not much farther away Pyxis commander.
What is the mission of the stunt?
A success.
Yet, it does not seem so excited ...
No...
Something does not ...
The military police can not be behind this.
They're too cocky. They would use the amateur.
It 'more like ...
Assuming that the cart has been followed ...
And that a group was following their goal ...
Captain.
The wagon is almost moving again.
Nifa, have you ever heard of Kenny the Ripper?
The mass murderess in the capital?
The one who cut the throat of more than 100 military?
It 'just a legend metropolitan years old, right?
He is real, like the stories about him.
Eh?
I lived with him for a period when I was a child.
What? Why are you telling me all this?
This is not the time to make jokes.
That's right ... not affect the use of the amateurs.
If a group was following the target, they would have done from both rear corners, and ...
... from a high place, with a good view ...
Nifa!
I saw it.
You're not grown up yet?
Oh? It looks like you're not changed a bit!
Kenny!
Kenny and Levi meet again.
The goal of the enemy was Eren e Historia.
In order to get them back, Levi and others must take aim and shoot.
Next episode: "Pain"
Sub by Hootoh Media
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org